Invest_smart
============

<h3>Project Description:</h3>

Invest smart allows users to create stock portfolios. As users generate and/or edit their portfolio, a plot
representing cost of portfolio vs time for the last two years updates simultaneously. As stated in the project's
requirements, stock data is gotten from Yahoo Finance.

I have used PHP annotations as much as possible besides for the config files, where although it's possible to
use PHP annotations, I used YAML as the files are auto-generated by Symfony in YAML and I only had to edit them
where desired.

I used the FOSUserBundle for the log in and registration forms of my application. I also give the user the opportunity
to change their usernames and emails.



<h3>Installation:</h3>
git clone https://github.com/mitkonikolov/Invest-Smart.git<br/>
composer install<br/>
bin/console doctrine:database:create <br/>



<h3>Timesheet:</h3>
I have significant experience in development with Java and C++. Before I made this application, I also had a limited
experience with PHP and MySQL, and I had made a very simple web application before.

To make this application, I had to start from the very basics and I spent time to:<br/>
Learn Symfony basics and undestand better web development - 12 hours<br/>
Integrate FOSUserBundle in my project - 2.5 hours<br />
Fetch data from Yahoo Finance - 5 hours<br />
Draw diagram - 5 hours

I know that this time is certainly not the best, but as I said this was my first application ever. <br/>
I believe that in the future I will be able to create faster very well designed code.
